You donated your bone marrow
It is no longer valuable to the Jiang family.
Leave you behind
It will only threaten the status of my own son
So what if you want to kill me?
Anyway, you stay in Jiangjiang, you are redundant
It's better to die early and be born early
I'll tell dad when you're dead
No damage, we donated it.
Hahahaha
You deserve your life
No one can save you if we want you to die
The chairperson passed the DNA test
Your long-lost grandson has been found
He is in Ping Cheng now
Great to finally find my grandson
Quickly pick him up and come back to inherit my Huacan Group
Open the door
Blockbuster news
Chairperson of Huaxia Group, the world's largest market capitalization
Xiao Longwei recently arrived in Pingcheng